fresh air the brick-oven cross pizza
also I mean it kind of looks round on
the box I mean it's not now that I'm
like really paying attention to it but
it kind of looked round anyway it's a
square pizza we're gonna give that a
shot by the way hello everyone and
welcome to Friday Thursday it is
Thursday God my concept of days has been
a little skewed I'm trying to fold this
with one hand there we go
my concept of days have been a little
skewed it always is I'll be honest it's
always like a little messed up I'm
always not quite sure what day it is but
lately it's just tracing the last 24
hours of my life have been bad but
things will get better and based on on
everything that I found out today
there's nothing more to talk about I
will let you guys know more as soon as I
can it sounds like it might be a while
before I can do that but yeah whatever
I've done all I can
let's try out this pizza and see what we
think I like it you like it you don't
normally like white sauce do you hmm no
thought you hated it I like it as much
but this is okay yes I like white sauce
some people can't get behind it um I
think I think my dad hates it you know
it has to be red sauce for me I'll do
whatever the only piece I've never
really been able to get behind is that
macaroni pizza Cici's Pizza
it's just I've had it and it's just
really weird man like it's odd but
otherwise I'm cool with it actually
there's a local place here that used to
make chocolate chip pizza they're so
freakin good and it was made not with
white a red sauce but like I don't know
I guess chocolate but it was really good
I'd love to have that again except they
went out of business
Beauty Cappy hey Kathy would decapitate
me Kathy would take a pee how long until
he's like I don't like to be held by am
I in the air already pizzas not the only
thing we're gonna be reviewing today
because I got everything
niggas done not wanted needed and I'm
just feeling like I deserve it dang it
as I put them for so much crap recently
we're gonna have a Klondike bar but
these are not just any contact artists
these are special Klondike bars so not
only did we get to try a new pizza we're
trying new klondike's it's a dark
chocolate one who's never actually had
these before wait why do they say dark
chocolate but they got vanilla in them
it's just there's still vanilla they
just have dark choc oh I thought they
were chocolate with chocolate Oh mal
described these on the phone to me the
other day she's like do you wanna I was
like yes but they're not Oh what would
you do for a Klondike bar original
crunch double chocolate huh I didn't
know this through so many all right
let's try them out well I mean they are
big I mean it you can taste it it's dark
chocolate but like I don't know I kind
of wish there was chocolate inside
chocolate I know but it's just cuz like
yeah it's it's our chocolate and you can
taste that there's a difference but most
of this thing is just the vanilla ice
cream so it ends up tasting pretty
pretty similar it's no it's okay and you
can tell that there's a difference but
it's not like a huge difference anyway
that's gonna be it for today thank you
so much for watching check out Klondike
dark chocolate actually try the double
chocolate or if you've had them let me
know how they are in the comments and
maybe we'll get some of those and let's
meet back tomorrow shall we they
actually kind of vaguely taste like
ground beef but also not let's do it up
well that's that's pretty sweet
awesome okay cool got it
before you go watch oh my god
Jesus